Dure my internship at Rijkswaterstaat mani question came to my mind : how all the Ministri work togeth in an integr way , how are divid the differ respons within the govern and what are the prioriti in the govern 's agenda for the present and the futur ? The answer to these question and mani other I expect to find if I am a traine at Rijk . With me you get a recent graduat master of Geo scienc with an open and comprehens knowledg on nowaday social , environ and polici issu thank to my intern life and educ experi in : Itali , Franc , Spain , England , Australia and of cours in The Netherland . By choos Geo scienc studi I have a wide spectrum of public institut duti , mostli relat to : public hous , town and countri plan , public administr and so on . In addit to that , I can bring my work experi relat to the LEF Futur Center internship ( Utrecht Westraven 2010/11 ) , built on an inter-disciplinarian team work , about the electr mobil infrastructur and the energet issu in The Netherland , for Rijkswaterstaat . I am a nativ Italian integr in The Netherland and attend intens the Inburg Cursu . For further inform about my studi and work experi I would like you to read my curriculum in thi link http : //www.linkedin.com/pub/nicoletta-dorizzi/22/a6b/90b where you can also find two Rijkswaterstaat refer . I am up to date on what is happen and chang in the local and nation commun . In specif I know what are the social develop , the urban mobil infrastructur and the town plan of Utrecht , that is my home town . Moreov I am well inform on wider social issu like : global , individu and integr in the era of ICT technolog . Through thi traine ship I want to extend my commit to all The Netherland in order to be of more servic . For my research and thesi I have been in contact with Italian , German and Dutch govern institut , like : Milan region , Utrecht and Milan provinc , local commun of Malmo , Amsterdam and Freiburg and European organ , such as Iclei . Thank to that I could see how the differ intern public institut work and collabor togeth from the small to the big scale . The studi and career I chose are mostli commit to govern organ where I can help to translat result into polici and enhanc good commun sustain and integr valu . Thi is the reason whi I am will to attend the traine and to extend my contribut in the public sector to be of servic for the Dutch commun .